c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\WebApplication.dll.config
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\WebApplication.dll
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\WebApplication.pdb
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\obj\Debug\WebApplication.dll
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\obj\Debug\WebApplication.pdb
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\Npgsql.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\Npgsql.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\burak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\bin\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Burak\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication\WebApplication\obj\Debug\WebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
